introduce the DockerHubClient (#3913)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased

> * Added the *DockerHubClient* class to interact with the dockerhub-api efficiency and easily.

Author: ```suggestion
* Added the *DockerHubClient* class to allow interaction with the dockerhub-api efficiency and easily.
```
